<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="Ref153182110">
      <title>Warning explanations</title>
      <body>
        <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="Toc164238172" rowsep="1">
          <title>Table
20: Warning explanations</title>
          <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="col1" colnum="1" colwidth="0.5*"/>
            <colspec colname="col2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.5*"/>
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry>Warning</entry>
                <entry>Description</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>**WARN: (IMPLF-200/201)</li>
                  </ol>
                </entry>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>Related to the antenna rules. This is a known issue and will be
addressed in a future release.</li>
                  </ol>
                </entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>**WARN: (VOLTUS_LGEN-3087)</li>
                  </ol>
                </entry>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>Can be ignored because we use the following option:</li>
                    <li>-design_qrc_layer_map
${pdk_release_path}/extraction/qrc/asic/${metal_stack}/asic.qrc.map</li>
                    <li>This covers all the routing layers in the tech node. Other
items not covered are ignored as they not extracted for ASIC flow
anyway.</li>
                  </ol>
                </entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>** WARN: (VOLTUS_LSIM-5004)</li>
                  </ol>
                </entry>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>X2.mM22:b bulk node is not connected to a voltage source.</li>
                    <li>These warnings can happen due to the following scenarios:</li>
                  </ol>
                  <ul>
                    <li>A bulk node is connected to a pin that is not present at the
hierarchy level that we are using</li>
                    <li>A bulk node is actually floating</li>
                  </ul>
                </entry>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>To verify if these warnings are legitimate, view the SPEF file
manually and check whether the bulk is floating. In this case, they
are not floating and these warnings can be ignored. Usually, if a
cell is LVS-clean, these warnings are ignorable. There are cases
where they are floating and LVS cannot catch it, so it is
recommended to always check.</p>
      </body>
    </topic>