<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="power_grid_library">
    <title>Power Grid Library</title>
    <body>
      <p>Cadence Voltus* IC Power Integrity Solution requires power grid
libraries for dynamic power calculation and static and dynamic IR
drop analysis. The Power Grid libraries are generated for standard
cells, memories, IOs, and custom macros in the design.</p>
      <p>For standard cells, the IR/EM view is identical to the Early
view due to the simplicity of the standard cells. This section
covers topics relevant to standard cell libraries only.</p>
      <p>Library Generation takes LEF, GDSII, or a combination of LEF and
GDSII as input, and creates a binary power grid view of the cell
contents within the cell library database. Power grid views contain
the physical and electrical representation of all the cells and
blocks in the design. They contain the necessary information
required for power and rail analysis:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>For rail analysis, it contains RC parasitics, tap currents, and
geometries</li>
        <li>For power analysis, it contains netlist and output capacitance
loading</li>
      </ul>
      <p>The inputs to Power Grid Library Generation are:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>Technology LEF</li>
        <li>Cell LEF with power pins</li>
        <li>Cell GDS (for macro blocks)</li>
        <li>Extraction technology file for Cadence Quantus*
(qrcTechFile)</li>
        <li>Layer map file for GDS to qrcTechFile technology file</li>
        <li>Layer map file for LEF to qrcTechFile technology file</li>
        <li>SPICE device models (Spectre or HSPICE)</li>
        <li>Subcircuit SPICE-format netlist, preferably with device X,Y
coordinates</li>
      </ul>
      <p>This is required so that tap current is snapped to the nearest
device and gives the most accurate load for the device. Without xy
coordinates, it results in an even distribution of the tap current
across the entire device.</p>
      <p>Library Generation outputs the following files:</p>
      <ul>
        <li>A cell library database that contains the following: <ul>
          <li>LEF technology information, which includes the following:<ul id="ul_ufc_ztd_mcc">
              <li>Layer information for each layer: its name, relationship to other layers, routing
                width, and direction</li>
              <li>Via information for each via: its name, the layers that it connects, and a set of
                geometries accessible as polygons</li>
            </ul></li>
          <li>Cell information, which includes the following:<ul id="ul_rtt_ztd_mcc">
              <li>Geometric views of the cell</li>
              <li>Port information</li>
              <li>Power grid views</li>
              <li>Process technology data</li>
            </ul></li>
          <li>A bounding box for each cell</li>
        </ul></li>
        <li>Text report and summary files having detailed information about
the power grid library</li>
      </ul>
    </body>
    
    
    
    
  </topic>