<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="types_of_power_grid_views">
      <title>Types of
power grid views</title>
      <body>
        <p>Different PGVs (Power Grid Views) are used during rail analysis
based on the accuracy mode selected. The PGV types correspond to
the accuracy mode of rail analysis. The following are the power
grid view types:</p>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <b>Early</b> view: Contains the current distribution
factor and the SPICE-simulated decoupling capacitance information
at the power ports of the cell. It does not include the parasitic
associated with the interconnect, which prevents IR drop within the
block or cell from being analyzed. Early power grid views are the
default PGV views for the rail analysis XD accuracy mode, which is
recommended for the early design phase.</li>
          <li>
            <b>IR</b> view: Performs reduction on the extracted
power grid and merges small value current taps together without
significant impact on accuracy. Current designs in many cases
contain some embedded memories for boosting performance. The bit
cells of the memory contribute to the creation of many current
taps; however, they do not contribute significantly to the IR, but
affect the tool performance. This IR view suppresses those current
taps that have a very small current value, thus improving both
memory usage and tool performance. The IR view is the default for
rail analysis HD mode.</li>
          <li>
            <b>EM</b> view: Contains the extracted power grid
from the GDSII data of a cell. It creates current taps on the
bottom conducting layer or at the locations of the via layers above
it. GDSII and XY SPICE netlist are required to generate accurate
current distribution and decoupling capacitance, but you can
manually force current values and capacitance to be assigned to
these taps. You can also set up a trigger file to manually define
the dynamic current behavior or run SPICE simulators to obtain the
current waveform.</li>
        </ul>
      </body>
    </topic>