<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="Toc164238116">
      <title>Layout
abstracts</title>
      <body>
        <p>The library modeling tool AG (Abstract Generator) creates layout
abstracts for standard cells, macro blocks, and IOs from detailed
layout information in OA, GDSII, or OASIS formats. It is included
with the Cadence Virtuoso* Studio installation.</p>
        <p>An abstract is a high-level representation of a layout view. An
abstract contains information about the type and size of cells, the
position of pins or terminals, and the overall size of blockages.
The abstracts generated are based on the physical layout and
logical data, process technology information, and specific
cell-modeling requirements. After P&amp;R (Place and Route) is
complete, the abstracts are replaced with layouts with all the
layers required for manufacturing.</p>
        <p>Abstracts are used in place of full layouts by digital P&amp;R
tools such as Cadence Innovus* to improve performance.</p>
        <p>Layout views contain the full detailed layout of a cell,
however, abstracts only contain information about:</p>
        <ul>
          <li>Type and size of a cell</li>
          <li>Location of pins</li>
          <li>Obstructions</li>
          <li>Antenna data for signal pins (if available)</li>
        </ul>
        <p>The functionality for abstract generation is available through
two interfaces, which access the same executable. The standalone AG
interface can generate abstracts for a single library at a time.
The standalone AG interface is used in this demonstration. It can
be run in either GUI or non-GUI mode. This interface provides
advanced options and is designed for experienced users and library
developers.</p>
        <p>The integrated AG interface launched from the Cadence Virtuoso*
design environment can generate abstracts for individual or
multiple library cells. This interface is simple and is designed
for novice users who are unfamiliar with the standalone application
or who find the advanced options of the standalone application
unnecessary. AG retrieves the technology information from the
technology library to which the design library is attached. In this
demonstration, the technology library is intel78tech.</p>
        <p>Features of AG include the ability to:</p>
        <ul>
          <li>Create pins from shapes under the label text. Text and pin
shapes can also be at levels of hierarchy lower than the current
level of the cell.</li>
          <li>Check the consistency of cell name, pin name, and pin direction
between LEF and Verilog or LIB files.</li>
          <li>Control extraction by layer, hierarchy, and distance. Gate and
diffusion areas can also be extracted at the same time.</li>
          <li>Create Detailed, Cover, or Shrink-wrapped blockages for each
layer.</li>
          <li>Cut out pin access from Cover blockages.</li>
          <li>Calculate process antenna effects, including partial area metal
for boundary pins.</li>
          <li>Automate the flow by recording commands from a graphical AG
session to a replay file which can be rerun later either
graphically or non-graphically.</li>
        </ul>
        <p>Abstract generation using AG is a three-step process consisting
of:</p>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <b>Pins</b> step:
<ul>
              <li>AG maps text labels to terminal names and creates physical pin
shapes corresponding to the geometry overlapping the origin of the
text labels.</li>
              <li>Identifies pin geometries for connectivity extraction.</li>
              <li>Creates the P&amp;R boundary.</li>
              <li>Matches the pins created with the logical view present and
appends the appropriate pin direction.</li>
              <li>Specifies hierarchy depths for text label and metal geometry
search for text-to-pin mapping and pin creation.</li>
              <li>Has options to remove unnecessary text from pin labels or to
replace text in a pin label.</li>
              <li>Has an option to preserve layout labels in the final Abstract
view.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            <b>Extract</b> step:
<ul>
              <li>In the Extract step, AG traces the connectivity hierarchically
through the physical shapes in the layout to modify pin shapes,
starting from the pins generated during the Pins step.</li>
              <li>Constructs the correct database model for strong, weak, and
“must connect” pins.</li>
              <li>AG can also use the antenna options to create library process
antenna information.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
          <li>
            <b>Abstract</b> step:
<ul>
              <li>In the Abstract step, AG adjusts the pin shapes created during
the Extract step to create the final shapes required by P&amp;R
tools.</li>
              <li>Then, AG applies a layer blockage model that you select to
create the final blockage geometry in the abstract.</li>
            </ul>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </body>
    </topic>