<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="cross_view_check">
      <title>Cross View
Check</title>
      <body>
        <p>Use the Cross View Check to compare cells, pins, cell
attributes, and pin attributes between different views. Currently
supported views are Liberty, LEF, and SPICE-type views (cdl, dspf,
spectre, spice).</p>
        <p>When performing the comparison between different views, keep in
mind that views contain different types of information. For
example, both Liberty and LEF views contain area information, so
when comparing Liberty and LEF, include cell attribute area in the
comparison.</p>

        <p>The brute force way is to compare all possible view types against each other. This
      results in (N-1)! combinations and unnecessary work. The suggested methodology is to use
      Liberty view as the reference and compare all other view types against it. <xref
        href="#cross_view_check/Ref164150899"/> describes each view type comparison, and the type of
      data that is compared.</p>
        <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="Ref164150899" rowsep="1">
          <title>View type comparison</title>
          <tgroup cols="5">
            <colspec colname="col1" colnum="1" colwidth="1*"/>
            <colspec colname="col2" colnum="2" colwidth="1*"/>
            <colspec colname="col3" colnum="3" colwidth="1*"/>
            <colspec colname="col4" colnum="4" colwidth="1*"/>
            <colspec colname="col5" colnum="5" colwidth="1.1*"/>
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry>Reference View</entry>
                <entry>Compare View</entry>
                <entry>Compare Data Types</entry>
                <entry>Cell Attribute</entry>
                <entry>Pin Attribute</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry>Liberty</entry>
                <entry>LEF</entry>
                <entry>Cell, Pin</entry>
                <entry>area</entry>
                <entry>direction</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Liberty</entry>
                <entry>CDL</entry>
                <entry>Cell, Pin</entry>
                <entry/>
                <entry>direction</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>Liberty</entry>
                <entry>SPF</entry>
                <entry>Cell, Pin</entry>
                <entry/>
                <entry/>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>This feature is implemented based on the Liberate API and must
be run using Liberate.</p>
        <p>The source code is located here:
$INTEL_LDK/training/libraries/scripts/view_check_functions.tcle</p>
        <p>An example run script is provided in the LDK:
$INTEL_LDK/training/libraries/scripts/xview_check_all.tcl</p>
        <p>Copy xview_check_all.tcl to your local working directory, and
then update the view file paths in the script.</p>
        <p>To run the cross view
      check:<codeblock id="codeblock_jfn_l22_mcc">liberate xview_check_all.tcl</codeblock></p>
        <p>Review generated reports: ./xview_check_*.rpt</p>
      </body>
      
    </topic>