<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="view_check_command_reference">
        <title>View Check
Command Reference</title>
        <body>
          <p>
            <b>view_check_read_lib [options]</b>
          </p>
          <p>Read Liberty files and generate view check DB.</p>
          <p>
            <b>Options:</b>
          </p>
          <p>-files &lt;list of input files&gt;</p>
          <p>
            <b>Examples:</b>
          </p>
          <p>set db_lib [view_check_read_lib -files lib/test.lib]</p>
          <p>_____</p>
          <p>
            <b>view_check_read_lef [options]</b>
          </p>
          <p>Read LEF files and generate view check DB.</p>
          <p>
            <b>Options:</b>
          </p>
          <p>-files &lt;list of input files&gt;</p>
          <p>
            <b>Examples:</b>
          </p>
          <p>set db_lef [view_check_read_lef -files lef/test.lef]</p>
          <p>_____</p>
          <p>
            <b>view_check_read_spice [options]</b>
          </p>
          <p>Read SPICE-type files and generate view check DB.</p>
          <p>
            <b>Options:</b>
          </p>
          <p>-type &lt;type of SPICE&gt;</p>
          <p>            Supported types: [ spice | spectre | dspf | cdl ]</p>
          <p>-power_pins &lt;list of power pins&gt;</p>
          <p>-ground_pins &lt;list of ground pins&gt;</p>
          <p>-dir &lt;directory containing input files&gt;</p>
          <p>-file_ext &lt;file extension of input files in directory
specified by -dir&gt;</p>
          <p>-files &lt;list of input files&gt;</p>
          <p>
            <b>Examples:</b>
          </p>
          <p>set db_spf [view_check_read_spice -power_pins vcc -ground_pins
vssx -type dspf -dir spf -file_ext spf]</p>
          <p>______</p>
          <p>
            <b>xview_check [options] &lt;db_ref&gt;
&lt;db_cmp&gt;</b>
          </p>
          <p>Cross view comparison: comparison between 2 views.</p>
          <p>The output report is organized into 4 different sections:</p>
          <ol>
            <li>Compare Cell: a table listing cells from reference and compare
database</li>
            <li>Compare Cell Attribute: a table listing cells and the
cell’s attributes</li>
            <li>Compare Pin: a table listing cells and the cell’s
pins</li>
            <li>Compare Pin Attribute: one table for each cell, a table
containing all pins and their attributes and values</li>
          </ol>
          <p>Output report legend:</p>
          <p>              &lt; - mismatch</p>
          <p>               ? - missing</p>
          <p>
            <b>Options:</b>
          </p>
          <p>-compare_types &lt;list of data types to compare&gt;</p>
          <p>              Supported data types: * cell pin cell_attribute pin_attribute</p>
          <p>-cells &lt;list of cells&gt;</p>
          <p>              List of cells to include (or exclude if -exclude_cells). Supports
      wildcard.</p>
          <p>-exclude_cells</p>
          <p>-pins</p>
          <p>              List of pins to include (or exclude if -exclude_pins). Supports
      wildcard.</p>
          <p>-exclude_pin</p>
          <p>-cell_attrs &lt;list of cell attributes&gt;</p>
    <p>              List of cell attributes to include (or exclude if -exclude_cell_attrs). Supports
      wildcard.</p>
          <p>-exclude_cell_attrs</p>
          <p>-pin_attrs &lt;list of cell attributes&gt;</p>
          <p>              List of pin attributes to include (or exclude if -exclude_pin_attrs).
      Supports wildcard.</p>
          <p>-exclude_pin_attrs</p>
          <p>-abstol &lt;absolute tolerance&gt;</p>
          <p>              Absolute tolerance applied to numeric cell / pin attribute comparison;
      for example, area. Default = 0.001.</p>
          <p>-reltol &lt;relative tolerance&gt;</p>
          <p>              Relative tolerance applied to numeric cell / pin attribute comparison;
      for example area. Default = 0.01 (1%).</p>
          <p>-report &lt;output report file&gt;</p>
          <p>              Support stdout.</p>
          <p>-verbose</p>
          <p>              Include matched data in report.</p>
          <p>
            <b>Examples:</b>
          </p>
          <p>Compare Liberty vs. LEF: include cell attribute area and pin
attribute direction in comparison.</p>
          <p>              set db_lib [view_check_read_lib -files lib/test.lib]</p>
          <p>              set db_lef [view_check_read_lef -files lef/test.lef]</p>
          <p>              xview_check -cell_attrs {area} -pin_attrs {direction} -report lib2lef.rpt
      $db_lib $db_lef</p>
          <p>Compare Liberty vs. DSPF</p>
          <p>              set db_lib [view_check_read_lib -files lib/test.lib]</p>
          <p>              set db_dspf [view_check_read_spice -type dspf -power_pins vcc
      -ground_pins vssx -dir spf -file_ext spf]</p>
          <p>              xview_check -compare_types {cell pin} -report lib2dspf.rpt $db_lib
      $db_dspf</p>
          <p>Compare Liberty vs. CDL</p>
          <p>              set db_lib [view_check_read_lib -files lib/test.lib]</p>
          <p>              set db_cdl [view_check_read_spice -type cdl -power_pins vcc -ground_pins
      vssx -files cdl/test.cdl]</p>
          <p>              xview_check -compare_types {cell pin pin_attribute} -pin_attrs
      {direction} -report lib2cdl.rpt $db_lib $db_cdl</p>
        </body>
      </topic>