<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en-US" id="terms-and-conditions">
  <title/>
  <body>
    <p><b>Terms and Conditions</b></p>
    <p>Intel Foundry (“Intel”) provides the information in this document in connection with the
      evaluation, provision, or sale of Intel services and products.</p>
    <p>No license, express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise, to any intellectual property rights
      is granted by this document. Except as provided in service contracts for Intel services or in
      Intel’s Terms and Conditions of sale or use for Intel products, Intel assumes no liability
      whatsoever in connection with its provision of this document. Intel disclaims any express or
      implied warranty, relating to sale and/or use of Intel services and products, including
      liability or warranties relating to fitness for a particular purpose, merchantability, or
      infringement of any patent, copyright, or other intellectual property right.</p>
    <p>Except as otherwise explicitly and contractually provided, products manufactured, packaged,
      or otherwise processed by Intel Foundry are not intended for use in medical, lifesaving, or
      life sustaining applications.</p>
    <p>Intel may make changes to its process and/or product specifications or descriptions at any
      time, without notice.</p>
    <p>The information contained in this document may not apply to the Intel service or product that
      you are evaluating, including for reasons of future purchase or interoperability, or have
      purchased or intend to purchase from Intel. Further, multiple versions of this document may
      exist, including newer versions that may or may not be applicable to the Intel service or
      product of relevance to you. It is your responsibility to identify the Intel document and
      document version that will meet your needs. Intel assumes no liability whatsoever in
      connection with your use of or reliance on information herein arising by mistake, including
      mistakes in document identification.</p>
    <p>You may not rely on the absence or characteristics of any features or instructions marked
      "reserved," "undefined," “evaluation,” or otherwise identified for inclusion or modification
      in a future version or release. Intel reserves such markings for potential future definition
      and is not responsible or liable for conflicts or incompatibilities arising from inappropriate
      reliance.</p>
    <p>Intel services or products may contain modifications, revisions, addendums, change summaries,
      known issue identifications, defects or errors known as errata that may cause the service or
      product to deviate from previously published specifications. All such changes or errata are
      available on request.</p>
    <p>Contact your local Intel representative, sales office, or distributor to obtain the latest
      applicable specifications before placing any order for Intel services or products.</p>
    <p>Copyright © Intel Corporation</p>
    <p>Intel, Intel Foundry, and related Intel logos are trademarks of Intel Corporation in the U.S.
      and other countries.</p>
    <p>* Other names and brands may be claimed as the property of others.</p>
    <p> </p>
  </body>
</topic>
