<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="overview1">
        <title>Overview</title>
        <body>
          <p>The Pins step describes the first step in the abstract
generation process. Usually, no pins are explicitly defined in the
layout view, so they must be generated before you can continue the
abstract generation process. AG derives pins from the text labels
in the layout view and places the locations at the text
origins.</p>
          <ul>
            <li>If there is a Logical view present, AG only creates pins that
match logical view terminals.</li>
            <li>AG copies the placement status of the pins in the layout view
to the abstract view. The supported placement states are locked,
placed, fixed, none, and unplaced.</li>
            <li>AG automatically detects shapes placed in WSP (Width Spacing
Pattern) regions and ignores these shapes while creating pins under
labels and PR boundaries.</li>
          </ul>
          <p>AG provides several options that support a variety of layout and
text mapping conventions. To check options for mapping and
controlling the generation of pins, see Specifying Pin Mappings for
Abstract Generation in the <i>Cadence Virtuoso* AG User
Guide</i>.</p>
          <p>AG performs the following functions during the Pins step:</p>
          <ul>
            <li>Maps text labels to terminal names and creates terminals</li>
            <li>Creates physical pin shapes corresponding to the geometry
overlapping the text labels</li>
            <li>Creates the place-and-route boundary</li>
          </ul>
          <p>Use the <i>Running step Pins</i> form to view and modify the
bin options relevant to the Pins step.</p>
          <p>An overview of the Pins steps is as follows:</p>
          <ul>
            <li>Select one or more cells in the main window, and then click the
<b>Pins</b> button. Alternatively, select the
Flow &gt; Pins… command.</li>
            <li>This opens the <i>Running step Pins</i> form. The form
contains four tabs: <i>Map</i>, <i>Text</i>, <i>Boundary</i>,
and <i>Blocks</i>. You can use the radio buttons on the left to
navigate to the tab pages for the different steps and bins you are
using in the form.</li>
            <li>When satisfied with the options settings, click
<b>Run</b> to run the step.</li>
          </ul>
        </body>
      </topic>