<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="overview2">
        <title>Overview</title>
        <body>
          <p>The Extract step is the second step in the abstract generation
process, and traces the connectivity between shapes and terminals,
starting at the pin purpose shapes created in the Pins step. The
shapes created during extraction are created on the purpose net at
the top level of the extract view.</p>
          <p>AG performs the following functions during the Extract step:</p>
          <ul>
            <li>Extracts each terminal net, one shape at a time.</li>
            <li>Constructs the correct database model for strong, weak, and
must-join pins.</li>
            <li>Creates library process antenna information for custom blocks
and standard cells.</li>
          </ul>
          <p>To run the Extract step:</p>
          <ol>
            <li>Select one or more cells in the main window, and then click the <b>Extract</b>
        button. Alternatively, select <b>Flow &gt; Extract</b>. The <codeph>Flow &gt;
          Extract…</codeph> command runs as far as the Extract step for the selected cells.</li>
          </ol>
          <ol>
            <li>When you select the command, the <i>Running Form</i> is
displayed. Use this form to view and modify the bin options
relevant to the Extract step and any prior steps that must be
run.</li>
            <li>When satisfied with the options settings , click
<b>Run</b> to run the step.</li>
          </ol>
        </body>
      </topic>