<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="generate_template">
      <title>Generate
template</title>
      <body>
        <ol>
      <li>Run the setup script to create the template generation run directory, and then cd to that
        directory:
        <codeblock id="codeblock_xfc_njc_mcc">$INTEL_LDK/training/libraries/char/setup/CreateSetup.csh genTemp
cd genTemp</codeblock></li>
      <li>To generate the characterization setup files, run the script run.csh:
          <codeblock id="codeblock_yjx_4jc_mcc">./run.csh</codeblock><p>The run reads all Liberty
          files in the file list and generates the characterization setup files (<xref
            href="#generate_template/Ref153268216"/>). </p><table colsep="1" frame="all"
          id="Ref153268216" rowsep="1">
          <title>Characterization setup files</title>
          <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="col1" colnum="1" colwidth="0.8*"/>
            <colspec colname="col2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.2*"/>
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry>File</entry>
                <entry>Purpose</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry>templates_fi</entry>
                <entry>Template for each cell.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>user_data</entry>
                <entry>User data file for each cell.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>cells.list_*</entry>
                <entry>Cell list for each library.</entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>tsl_node_*</entry>
                <entry>Custom Intel cell attributes.</entry>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table><p>The file list (copy of the file genTep_list_libs_ldk_startup) contains only four
          library files. They cover the seven cells and two PVTs for the small cell list. The full
          LDK library list is specified in the file genTemp_list_libs_ldk.</p><p>The run time for
          the four libs is about 40 minutes.</p></li>
      <li>(Optional) To generate characterization setup files for the large cell list which contains
        154 files: <codeblock id="codeblock_zvd_tjc_mcc">cp genTemp_list_libs_ldk list
./run.csh</codeblock></li>
    </ol>
      </body>
    </topic>