<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="timing_liberty">
      <title>Timing
(Liberty)</title>
      <body>
        <p>The Liberty timing view is a high-level representation of the
timing of the standard cell. It also contains a model of the
cell’s power consumption. The Liberty model is used by STA
(Static Path Timing Analysis) tools, such as Cadence Innovus* and
Cadence Tempus* for chip-level timing analysis. It is also used by
Power Analysis tools such as Cadence Voltus* for chip-level power
analysis.</p>
        <p>Cadence Liberate* is the Cadence* library characterization tool
that creates the Liberty timing view (.lib file) for standard
cells. In this demonstration, Cadence Liberate* is used to
characterize several cells from an existing Intel i0m standard cell
library.</p>
        <p>The standard cell characterization is a two-step process:</p>
        <ol>
          <li>Generate template, user data, and other characterization setup files.<ul
          id="ul_s5l_rfc_mcc">
          <li>The template file defines the information needed for the cell’s characterization.<ul
              id="ul_z4h_sfc_mcc">
              <li>Basic cell information, such as pin name, pin direction, pin type (if it is a
                clock pin, asynchronous reset or set), supply pins, and so on</li>
              <li>Arc’s table size and index values</li>
              <li>Optionally, you can manually specify the cell arcs (delay, constraint, power, and
                so on). For a typical standard cell, Cadence Liberate* automatically determines the
                cell’s function and necessary characterization arcs. Manual arc definition is only
                done for special cells that Cadence Liberate* does not recognize.</li>
            </ul></li>
          <li>The user data file contains information in .lib file that cannot be determined through
            characterization data, such as cell or pin attributes. One example would be cell area.
            The user data file is used when Cadence Liberate* generates the final .lib files.</li>
        </ul></li>
      <li>Run characterization. In the small cell list, 5 of the 7 cells are in library base_ulvt.
        The other two cells (a latch and a flip-flop) are in library seq_ulvt. Thus, the
        demonstration directs you to perform two characterization runs (one for each library).</li>
        </ol>
      </body>
    </topic>