<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="lvs">
      <title>LVS</title>
      <body>
        <p>LVS (Layout versus Schematic) is a verification process to
ensure that a physical layout matches the circuit schematic (or
netlist). LVS is an essential step in the IC design process, as it
helps to identify and correct errors that could lead to
manufacturing defects or functional failures. In the context of
this flow, it is a required step prior to extraction with Cadence
Quantus*.</p>
        <p>The LVS process involves comparing two netlists: one extracted
from the physical layout and one generated from the circuit
schematic. The netlists represent the connectivity of the circuit
components and the LVS tool checks for any discrepancies between
the two netlists. If there are no discrepancies, the layout is said
to be LVS-clean.</p>

        <p>There are two main steps in the LVS process, as shown in <xref href="#lvs/Ref153272327">Table 11</xref>.</p>
        <table colsep="1" frame="all" id="Ref153272327" rowsep="1">
          <title>Table 11: LVS process</title>
          <tgroup cols="2">
            <colspec colname="col1" colnum="1" colwidth="0.3*"/>
            <colspec colname="col2" colnum="2" colwidth="1.7*"/>
            <thead>
              <row>
                <entry>Step</entry>
                <entry>Description</entry>
              </row>
            </thead>
            <tbody>
              <row>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>Extraction</li>
                  </ol>
                </entry>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>The LVS tool extracts the netlist from the physical layout.
This involves identifying the circuit components, such as
transistors and resistors, and determining their connections. This
is different from parasitic extraction.</li>
                  </ol>
                </entry>
              </row>
              <row>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>Comparison</li>
                  </ol>
                </entry>
                <entry>
                  <ol>
                    <li>The LVS tool compares the extracted netlist to the netlist
generated from the circuit schematic. If the two netlists match,
the layout is said to be LVS-clean.</li>
                  </ol>
                </entry>
              </row>
            </tbody>
          </tgroup>
        </table>
        <p>The LVS results are used during extraction with Cadence
Quantus*.</p>
      </body>
    </topic>