<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="parasitic_extraction_and_spef_generation">
      <title>Parasitic extraction and SPEF
generation</title>
      <body>
        <p>Cadence Quantus* creates an extracted view or netlist that
includes parasitic and proximity information, which modifies the
device model based on the physical implementation. This extracted
view is then simulated in the context of the top-level test bench
to confirm that performance metrics are met after fabrication.
Cadence Quantus* considers the mask shift and line thickness
variation information during the extraction. The resulting SPICE
netlist, SPEF, or extracted views are then used to determine the
impact of these variations on the circuit’s electrical
performance. An LVS run is required prior to running Cadence
Quantus*.</p>
        <p>SPEF (Standard Parasitic Exchange Format) is an IEEE standard
for representing parasitic resistance, capacitance, and inductance
of the wires in a chip in ASCII format. SPEF is used for timing
delay calculation and for ensuring the signal integrity of a chip.
It is the more popular specification for parasitic exchange between
different EDA tools during the various design phases.</p>
        <p>An SPEF netlist provides the same information as the DSPF
(Detailed Standard Parasitic Format) netlist but in a compressed
format that reduces output file size by as much as five times
compared to the DSPF output file size. While the DSPF netlist is
crafted to be SPICE-equivalent, allowing DSPF netlists to be read
by a SPICE simulator, SPEF netlists are incompatible with
SPICE.</p>
        <p>The extracted netlist used during post-layout verification
differs from the schematic netlist in several ways:</p>
        <ul>
          <li id="OLE_LINK2">Device geometries will reflect the actual device geometries
found in the layout. For example, the schematic only contains
estimates for the source and drain MOS transistor diffusion
parameters. In the layout, these will be measured precisely. In
addition to source and drain diffusions, the more advanced process
may also include WPE (Well Proximity Effect)
and LOD (Length of Diffusion) parameters.</li>
          <li>Interconnect parasitics are included for the interconnects.
Typically, each net is represented by an RC (Resistor and
Capacitor) network. It is also possible to have interconnect
inductance effects (L) and mutual coupling (K). However, adding
both Ls and Ks to the interconnect model significantly increases
the complexity of the netlist and, therefore, the simulation time.
These types of parasitics are only extracted for selected critical
nets. In general, capacitances should be extracted for all signal
nets. In addition, resistances should be extracted for any power
nets (to catch IR drops) and any low-impedance and noise-sensitive
signal nets.</li>
        </ul>
      </body>
    </topic>