<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic
  PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="stream_file_gdsii">
      <title>Stream file
(GDSII)</title>
      <body>
        <p>The Stream file format, also referred to as GDS or GDSII, stores
mask generation data for designing integrated circuits. It
represents a layout of different design layers the way they finally
appear on a chip. The Stream format is widely used in the industry
for:</p>
        <ul>
          <li>Archiving design data in interchangeable format</li>
          <li>Exchanging intellectual property with other vendors</li>
          <li>Exchanging data between various tools to complete the design
cycle</li>
          <li>Transferring data in a compact form between various design
groups</li>
        </ul>
        <p>To translate a design in the Stream format to/from the
OpenAccess database, you can use the XStream translator. XStream
consists of two modules, XStream In and XStream Out. XStream In
translates designs in the Stream format to the OpenAccess database.
XStream Out translates designs from the OpenAccess database to the
Stream format.</p>
        <p>GDSII is the open-standard Stream file format for transferring
or archiving two-dimensional graphical design data. It is a binary,
platform-independent format.</p>
        <p id="OLE_LINK1">A combined GDS contains all standard cells
in one file. This file is used during GDS export in Cadence
Innovus* to merge in the standard cell layouts.</p>
      </body>
    </topic>